Documenting user SSH key addition to a GiHub OAuth project (#9309)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/github-integration.adoc

* When you delete a CircleCI project, CircleCI will remove its associated keys.
====

[#create-a-github-user-key]
=== Create a GitHub user key

> 

Reviewer: Although it's obvious from the heading, I would suggest just adding a short lntro like: "To create a GitHub user key, follow these steps:" or similar

* When you delete a CircleCI project, CircleCI will remove its associated keys.
====

[#create-a-github-user-key]
=== Create a GitHub user key

To create a GitHub user key, follow these steps:

include::../_includes/partials/app-navigation/steps-to-project-settings.adoc[]

[start=4]
. In the sidebar menu, select *SSH Keys*.

> . Under the **User Key** section, select btn:[Authorize With GitHub].
> . After authorizing, navigate to the **SSH keys** page again, go to the **User Key** section, and select btn:[Add User Key], then btn:[Confirm User].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Under the **User Key** section, select btn:[Authorize With GitHub]. The page will refresh while the authorization takes place and you will be redirected back to the project settings overview page.
. Navigate back to **SSH keys** and go to the **User Key** section.
. Select btn:[Add User Key], then btn:[Confirm User]. You will now see your user key displayed on the page.
```
